Fix/adaptation for new search (#42)
ostis-ai/scl-machine: docs/changelog.md

- README
- Changelog
- Add always generating for conclusion in implication

> - Add arguments to sub formulas in conjunction and disjunction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add arguments to subformulas in conjunction and disjunction
```

- Rename variables, log message concepts and methods according to the Standard concepts
- Separate tests for simple formulas, complex formulas and agent arguments
- Move to 0.7.0 ostis-web-platform

> - Replaced ms_context with m_memoryCtx in DIA

Reviewer: What is the difference? What bug is it entails
